In the world of computer games, there are many strategies similar to the series of games The Settlers, where you need to create and develop a settlement, fight or create alliances with other settlements, conquer territories, etc. However, all these stories have a written plot and all actions lead to two results: either winning according to the prescribed plot, or losing. My idea is a game where every action has its consequences and affects the ending. The game offers three modes: a story mode, more introductory, where the game AI is responsible for the actions of opponents; a game with artificial intelligence, where every action affects the plot and the final outcome of the game; and playing with real players online. In this way, the player will be able to become familiar with the various mechanics of the game thanks to the story mode, in order to later successfully develop civilization along his own path in the game with AI (i.e., the AI is the player’s opponent, independently choosing a strategy for playing the game, trading with the player and offering various alliances and strategic plans), or play with other users. You can also add a custom AI consultant who will provide advice and tips during the game, based on the current state of affairs and strategic opportunities. At the same time, you can add a main character with a customizable appearance to suit the player’s preferences, which is added to the profile with the ability to edit, and a first-person game mode. This way you can explore the world and complete tasks with the help of your own hero, while developing the city in construction mode. You can also add a mode for selecting a time for the development of civilization, for example, the Roman Empire, the Middle Ages, our time, etc., each of which will have its own characteristics, while each time will have its own locations based on the real world, as well as In the story mode, each time will have its own plot lines. You can add the ability to create your own locations and edit existing ones for creative players with the ability to share their work online. The development of the plot itself can occur in a variety of scenarios, for example, if the player decides to delve into medicine, then his settlers will be healthier and the standard of living will be higher, and this will also help solve the problem of pandemics. This is also a contribution to the economy, because good medicines will be in demand. Another option is the development of weapons. Then the settlement will have greater combat power, which means it will be able to capture a large number of territories and have more resources. This option is suitable for those who want to follow the story along the path of war, but at the same time minimize the number of friendly connections..# StartUP
